Atheist Resources
Addresses of Atheist Organizations
USA
FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION
Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.
EVOLUTION DESIGNS
Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written inside.
The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.
People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold.
For net people who go to Lynn directly, the price is $4.95 per fish.
AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS
AAP publish various atheist books critiques of the Bible, lists of Biblical contradictions, and so on.
One such book is : "The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press. 372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions, absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible Contradicts Itself", AAP.
Based on the King James version of the Bible.
PROMETHEUS BOOKS
Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).
An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is: Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.
AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM
An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.
The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine founded in 1881.
Books  Fiction
"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...
"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with ink and leaving white lines and letters.
EDGAR PANGBORN
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example, forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing... atoms".
PHILIP K. DICK
Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short stories and novels.
His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than technology.
Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he remained sceptical.
Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:
"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.
When the deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is unable to comply.
A polished, ironic and amusing novel.
"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.
"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of unknown but possibly divine origin.
He is accompanied by his dogmatic and dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.
"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from another star system.
Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.
MARGARET ATWOOD
"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.
The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live under the new Christian theocracy.
Women's right to own property is revoked, and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the radio is only used for readings from the Bible.
Crimes are punished retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are hunted down and hanged.
Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.
VARIOUS AUTHORS
"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.
However, it is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is about.
It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one true version.
An Introduction to Atheism
This article attempts to provide a general introduction to atheism.
Whilst I have tried to be as neutral as possible regarding contentious issues, you should always remember that this document represents only one viewpoint.
I would encourage you to read widely and draw your own conclusions; some relevant books are listed in a companion article.
To provide a sense of cohesion and progression, I have presented this article as an imaginary conversation between an atheist and a theist.
All the questions asked by the imaginary theist are questions which have been cropped up repeatedly on alt.atheism since the newsgroup was created.
Some other frequently asked questions are answered in a companion article.
Please note that this article is arguably slanted towards answering questions posed from a Christian viewpoint.
This is because the FAQ files reflect questions which have actually been asked, and it is predominantly Christians who proselytize on alt.atheism.
So when I talk of religion, I am talking primarily about religions such as Christianity, Judaism and Islam, which involve some sort of superhuman divine being.
Much of the discussion will apply to other religions, but some of it may not.
"What is atheism?"
Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.
The former is often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong atheism".
It is important to note the difference between these two positions.
"Weak atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.
"Strong atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.
Please do not fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".
Some atheists believe in the non-existence of all Gods; others limit their atheism to specific Gods, such as the Christian God, rather than making flat-out denials.
"But isn't disbelieving in God the same thing as believing he doesn't exist?"
Definitely not.
Disbelief in a proposition means that one does not believe it to be true.
Not believing that something is true is not equivalent to believing that it is false; one may simply have no idea whether it is true or not.
Which brings us to agnosticism.
"What is agnosticism then?" The term 'agnosticism' was coined by Professor Huxley at a meeting of the Metaphysical Society in 1876.
He defined an agnostic as someone who disclaimed ("strong") atheism and believed that the ultimate origin of things must be some cause unknown and unknowable.
Thus an agnostic is someone who believes that we do not and cannot know for sure whether God exists.
The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke.
However, they are considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and not an entirely different source.
We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors.
The usual explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider their respective ages.
It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text.
The evidence for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on putting John after the rest of the three?
Sure, an original together with Id card of sender and receiver would be fine.
So what's that supposed to say? Am I missing something?
That John was a disciple is not generally accepted.
The style and language together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
The argument that John was a disciple relies on the claim in the gospel of John itself.
Is there any other evidence for it?
One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times.
Compare that to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
Not even to speak off that believers are not necessarily the best sources.
In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
But how is that connected to a redating of John?
It sounds to me like it's just SCREAMING OUT for parody.
Give a copy to your friendly neighbourhood SubGenius preacher; with luck, he'll run it through the mental mincer and hand you back an outrageously offensive and gut-bustingly funny parody you can paste over the originals.
I can see it now:
The Stool Scroll
Thoughts on Religion, Spirituality, and Matters of the Colon
HOWEVER, I hate economic terrorism and political correctness worse than I hate this policy.
A more effective approach is to stop donating to ANY organizating that directly or indirectly supports gay rights issues until they end the boycott on funding of scouts.
Can somebody reconcile the apparent contradiction?
Define perfect then.
I think you are playing the usual game here, make sweeping statements like omniholy, or perfect, and don't note that they mean exactly what they say.
And that says that you must not use this terms when it leads to contradictions.
I'm not trying to play games here.
But I understand how it might seem that way especially when one is coming from a completely different point of view such as atheism.
Take your foot out of your mouth, I wondered about that already when I was a Catholic Christian.
The fact that the contradiction is unresolvable is one of the reasons why I am an atheist.
Believe me, I believed similar sentences for a long time.
But that shows the power of religion and not anything about its claims.
Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself), but that would mean that God was in error to have make Lucifer or any being with free will in the first place.
Exactly. God allows evil, an evil if there ever was one.
Now that's an opinion, or at best a premise.
But from my point of view, it is not a premise which is necessary true, specifically, that it is an evil to allow evil to occur.
It follows from a definition of evil as ordinarily used. Letting evil happen or allowing evil to take place, in this place even causing evil, is another evil.
The motto originated in the Star-Spangled Banner.  Tell me that this has something to do with atheists.
The motto _on_coins_ originated as a McCarthyite smear which equated atheism with Communism and called both unamerican.
No it didn't.
The motto has been on various coins since the Civil War.
It was just required to be on *all* currency in the 50's.
CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS
NAVY SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION AND VIRTUAL REALITY SEMINAR
SPONSOR: NESS (Navy Engineering Software System) is sponsoring a one-day Navy Scientific Visualization and Virtual Reality Seminar.
The purpose of the seminar is to present and exchange information for Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality programs, research, developments, and applications.
PRESENTATIONS: Presentations are solicited on all aspects of Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality.
All current work, works-in-progress, and proposed work by Navy organizations will be considered.
Four types of presentations are available.
Accepted presentations will not be published in any proceedings, however, viewgraphs and other materials will be reproduced for seminar attendees.
ABSTRACTS: Authors should submit a one page abstract and/or videotape to:
Authors should include the type of presentation, their affiliations, addresses, telephone and FAX numbers, and addresses.
Multi-author papers should designate one point of contact.
DEADLINES: The abstact submission deadline is April 30, 1993.
Notification of acceptance will be sent by May 14, 1993.
Materials for reproduction must be received by June 1, 1993.
For further information, contact Robert Lipman at the above address.
PLEASE DISTRIBUTE AS WIDELY AS POSSIBLE, THANKS.
gnuplot, etc. make it easy to plot real valued functions of 2 variables but I want to plot functions whose values are 2-vectors.
I have been doing this by plotting arrays of arrows (complete with arrowheads) but before going further, I thought I would ask whether someone has already
done the work.
Any pointers??
thanx in advance
Can someone please tell me where I can ftp DTA or DMORPH?
DMorf (Dave's Morph, I think is what it means) and DTax (Dave's TGA Assembler) are available in the MSDOS_UPLOADS directory on the wuarchive.
They are arjed and bundled with their respective xmemory versions, dmorfx.exe and dtax.exe, you can also find a version of aaplay.exe there, with which you can view files you create with dta.exe or dtax.exe.
I downloaded the whole bunch last week and have been morphing away the afternoons since.
The programmes are all a bit buggy and definitely not-ready-to-spread-to-the-masses, but they are very well written.
The interface is frustrating at first, but it gets easy once you figure out the tricks.
I have noticed that dmorfx will crash horribly if you try to morph without using the splines option.
Not sure why, since I don't have the source.
I think it was written for TP 6.0.
If anyone else comes up with any other hints on getting the thing to work right, tell me; it took me several hours the first time
just to figure out that if I just used the durned splines then it would work
Hello, I am looking to add voice input capability to a user interface I am developing on an HP730 (UNIX) workstation.
I would greatly appreciate information anyone would care to offer about voice input systems that are easily accessible from the UNIX environment.
The names or adresses of applicable vendors, as well as any experiences you have had with specific systems, would be very helpful.
Please respond via email; I will post a summary if there is sufficient interest.
P.S.  I have found several impressive systems for IBM PC's, but I would like to avoid the hassle of purchasing and maintaining a separate PC if at all possible.
I recently got a file describing a library of rendering routines called SIPP (SImple Polygon Processor).
Could anyone tell me where I can FTP the source code and which is the newest version around?
Also, I've never used Renderman so I was wondering if Renderman is like SIPP?  ie. a library of rendering routines which one uses to make a program that creates the image
1-4 bits per R/G/B gives horrible machbanding visible in almost any picture.
5 bits per R/G/B (32768, 65000 colors) gives visible machbanding color-gradient picture has almost no machbanding.
This color-resolution is see some small machbanding on the smooth color-gradient picture, but all in all,
There are situiations where you get visible mach-banding even in a 24 bit card.
If you create a very smooth color gradient of dark-green-white-yellow or something and turn up the contrast on the monitor, you will probably see some mach-banding.
While I don't mean to damn Henrik's attempt to be helpful here, he's using a common misconception that should be corrected.
Mach banding will occur for any image.
It is not the color quantization you see when you don't have enough bits.
It is the human eye's response to transitions or edges between intensities.
The result is that colors near the transistion look brighter on the brighter side and darker on the darker side.
I am a Mac-user when it comes to graphics (that's what I own software and hardware for) and I've recently come across a large number of TTTDDD format modeling databases.
Is there any software, mac or unix, for translating those to something I could use, like DXF?
Please reply via email.
I heard that Eli is selling the team to a group in Cinninati.
This would help so that the O's could make some real free agent signings in the offseason.
Training Camp reports that everything is pretty positive right now.
The backup catcher postion will be a showdown between Tackett and Parent although I would prefer Parent.
#1 Draft Pick Jeff Hammonds may be coming up faster in the O's hierarchy of the minors faster than expected.
Mike Flanagan is trying for another comeback.
Big Ben is being defended by coaches saying that while the homers given up were an awful lot, most came in the beginning of the season and he really improved the second half.
This may be Ben's year.
I feel that while this may not be Mussina's Cy Young year, he will be able to pitch the entire season without periods of fatigue like last year around August.
I really hope Baines can provide the RF support the O's need.
Orsulak was decent but I had hoped that Chito Martinez could learn defense better and play like he did in '91.
The O's right now don't have many left-handed hitters.
Anderson proving last year was no fluke and Cal's return to his averages would be big plusses in a drive for the pennant.
The rotation should be Sutcliffe, Mussina, McDonald, Rhodes, ?????.
Olson is an interesting case.
Will he strike out the side or load the bases and then get
three pop outs?
You never know.
he way I see the AL East this year (with personal biases mixed in)
Baltimore
New York
Toronto
Milwaukee
Cleveland
Boston
Detroit
(The top 4 are the only true contenders in my mind.
One of these 4 will definitely win the division unless it snows in Hell/Maryland :).
I feel that this Baltimore's season to finally put everything together.)
Hello, my friends and I are running the Homewood Fantasy Baseball League (pure fantasy baseball teams).
Unfortunely, we are running the league using Earl Weaver Baseball II with the Comm. Disk II and we need the stats for the 1992 season. (Preferably the 1992 Major League Stat Disk)
We have the '92 total stats but EWB2 needs the split stats otherwise we have 200 inning games because the Comm.
Disk turns total stats into vs. L's stats unless you know both right and left -handed stats.
So, if anyone has the EWB2 '92 Stat Disk please e-mail me!
The Orioles' pitching staff again is having a fine exhibition season.
Four shutouts, low team ERA, (Well, I haven't gotten any baseball news since
March 14 but anyways)
Could they contend, yes.
Could they win it all?
Maybe.
But for all those fans of teams with bad spring records, remember Earl Weaver's first law of baseball (From his book on managing)
No one gives a damn in July if you lost a game in March. :)
BTW, anyone have any idea on the contenders for the O's fifth starter?
It's pretty much set that Sutcliffe, Mussina, McDonald and Rhodes are the first four in the rotation.
Here at Johns Hopkins University where the mascot is the Blue Jay :(,
their baseball team logo was the Toronto club's logo.
Now it's a anatomically correct blue jay.
God, can't they think of an original idea?
It's even in the same pose as the baltimore oriole on the O's hats.
How many people realize that the bird is really called a baltimore oriole?
I agree and disagree.
John is saying that the batters efforts will result in 4 more wins then losses.
While you are probably correct that 400% does not mean 4 more wins then losses, it means something.
I would rather have a player who increased my teams chances of winning by 1% in each of 400 PAs then I would a player who increased my chances of winning by .5% in each of 400 PAs.
Thus, there appears to me to be an obvious positive association between John's statistic and winning games.
Thus, before you disregard this stat, it appears to me that further study must go into what sort of relationship there is.
The only problem here is an insistance that these number mean exactly how many wins the team has.
First, we are using averages over many seasons and applying them to one game.
Second, remember some players performance take away from the chance of you winning.
That is a player who gets an out gets a "negative probability" in most cases.
Thus, I'm not sure in any given game when you add up all the numbers for a team who won that they will add up to 1 in that game.
Sometimes, they will add up to more then one sometime, less than one.
Also, the pitchers' bad performances (giving up 6 runs) may have given them a large negative percentage for that game.
Also, any batter that pulled an 0-4 night would give large negatives.
No, but really only because you have a smaller sample size.
I would think however, that the number of runs you score in the first inning would be just as good as a prediction as how many runs you score in the last inning.
And, realize something else a closer usually comes in in a close situation, not a blow out.
It is hard to argue that any runs that a closer gives up in a game have equal importance to those given up in the first inning.
Look, a closer giving up runs often means a team will lose many games.
On, the other hand a starter who gives up runs often still leaves his team a chance to win.
The offence has many more outs to do something about.
But, I am not saying all late inning situations are equally important either.
If I am down 8 runs in the ninth, it really does not matter how many runs my pitcher gives up in the ninth.
Hell, the Orioles' Opening Day game could easily be the largest in history if we had a stadium with 80,000 seats.
But unfortunely the Yards (a definitely excellent ballpark) only holds like 45,000 with 275 SRO spots.
Ticket sales for the entire year is moving fast. Bleacher seats are almost gone for every game this year.
It's a extremely likelyhood that the O's could sell out every game this year (especially if we lead the division for most of the year like '89).
On another front, the sale of the Orioles to anyone is likely to be forced upon Eli Jacobs who is major debt apparently.
Maybe we can get an owner willing to spend on a proven rightfielder free agent in the winter.
Fernando has made the O's as the fifth starter.
The O's pitching staff looks pretty good. Sutcliffe, Mussina, McDonald, Rhodes, and Fernando.
Baltimore is my pick for the victors in a very competitive AL East.
There's a lot of whining about how much players are overpaid.
I thought I'd put together an underpaid team that could win a pennant.
I splurged and let four of the players earn as much as half a million dollars; the highest-paid player is Frank Thomas, at $900K.
I cut some players, like Kenny Lofton, Chris Hoiles, Keith Mitchell, Tim Wakefield, and a bunch of pitchers, all of whom could have arguably made the team better at a cost of $1 million for the lot of them.
The total team salary is $7,781,500, averaging slightly over $300K a player.
If that's too steep, you can dump Thomas and Bagwell, replacing them with Paul Sorrento and a minimum wager to save a bit over a million dollars, and still have one of the best teams in the majors.
I say buy out Henderson's contract and let him go bag groceries.
Next season, you'll be able to sign him for nothing.
That goes for any bitching ball player.
I doubt Henderson would clear waivers.
And if he did, he would instantly be signed for the major league minimum, with Oakland picking up the remaining $3 million tab.
Some GMs value on-field performance too...

